#7997 Fixed migration guidelines (#8032)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

| JPA| 1.0        |2.1|
| hibernate-generic-dao| 0.5.1        |1.3.0-SNAPSHOT|
| h2| 1.3.168        |1.3.175|

> | servlet-api| 2.5        |3.0.1|

Reviewer: correct version is 
```suggestion
| javax-servlet-api | 2.5        |3.1.0|
```

    </listener>-->
```

- If one of the libraries updated is used in your project, you should align the version with the newer one to avoid jar duplications

> - Some old project may define versions of spring and/or jackson in maven properties. You can remove these definition, they should be automatically loaded at the correct version.

Reviewer: in particular

```diff
-        <jackson.version>1.9.10</jackson.version>
-        <jackson.databind-version>2.2.3</jackson.databind-version>
-        <jackson.annotations-version>2.5.3</jackson.annotations-version>
```

> - Some old project may define versions of spring and/or jackson in maven properties. You can remove these definition, they should be automatically loaded at the correct version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some old project may define versions of spring and/or jackson in maven properties. You can remove these definition and the dependency from main pom.xml since they should be inherited from spring.
```

    </listener>-->
```

- If one of the libraries updated is used in your project, you should align the version with the newer one to avoid jar duplications

> - Some old project may define versions of spring and/or jackson in maven properties. You can remove these definition, they should be automatically loaded at the correct version. In particular:

Author: ```suggestion
- Some old project may define versions of spring and/or jackson in maven properties. You can remove these definition and the dependency from main `pom.xml` since they should be inherited from spring.
In particular you may need to remove these properties :
```
